Meeting 18 - January 8th

Attendees:

- Arin
- Bani
- Dhruv
- Gaurav
- Ha
- Roshaan
- Vinoth

Agenda:

- The purpose of this meeting was to review what we have worked on so far and also clean up our repo. We noticed that we had a lot of branches and pull requests left standing, so we worked together to identify what to do with out branches and pull requests.
- We also decided to meet again on Sunday to discuss the V&V document and how we plan to split up the work for that report.
